docs: guidelines for proto message's String() method (#13364)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/encoding.md

In addition, an `UnpackInterfaces` phase should be introduced to deserialization to unpack interfaces before they're needed. Protobuf types that contain a protobuf `Any` either directly or via one of their members should implement the `UnpackInterfacesMessage` interface:

> ### Can I customize a proto Message's String() method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom Stringer
```

> We should never customize a proto Message's `String()` method, i.e. we should never use `option (gogoproto.goproto_stringer) = false;`, doing otherwise leads to unexpected behaviour like returning wrong output or missing fields in the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using `option (gogoproto.goproto_stringer) = false;` in proto message definition leads to unexpected behaviour, like returning wrong output or having missing fields in the output.
For that reason it is strongly discouraged to use this option and attempt to customize a proto Message's `String()` method.
```

I think it fits more with the documentation style (we don't really use 'we shoud' anywhere)

> If we want to use a yaml output, then we should go through ProtoJSON, using the `JSONToYAML` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A correct YAML output can be obtained through ProtoJSON, using the `JSONToYAML` function:

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.46.0/codec/yaml.go#L8-L20
```

> For example: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/x/auth/types/account.go#L140-L152

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example:

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/x/auth/types/account.go#L140-L152
```

This will render the lines in the doc.

In addition, an `UnpackInterfaces` phase should be introduced to deserialization to unpack interfaces before they're needed. Protobuf types that contain a protobuf `Any` either directly or via one of their members should implement the `UnpackInterfacesMessage` interface:

### Custom Stringer

Using `option (gogoproto.goproto_stringer) = false;` in a proto message definition leads to unexpected behaviour, like returning wrong output or having missing fields in the output.
For that reason a proto Message's `String()` must not be customized, and the `goproto_stringer` option must be avoided.
A correct YAML output can be obtained through ProtoJSON, using the `JSONToYAML` function:

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.46.0/codec/yaml.go#L8-L20

> For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For example:
```

In addition, an `UnpackInterfaces` phase should be introduced to deserialization to unpack interfaces before they're needed. Protobuf types that contain a protobuf `Any` either directly or via one of their members should implement the `UnpackInterfacesMessage` interface:

### Custom Stringer

Using `option (gogoproto.goproto_stringer) = false;` in a proto message definition leads to unexpected behaviour, like returning wrong output or having missing fields in the output.
For that reason a proto Message's `String()` must not be customized, and the `goproto_stringer` option must be avoided.

> A correct YAML output can be obtained through ProtoJSON, using the `JSONToYAML` function:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

A correct YAML output can be obtained through ProtoJSON, using the `JSONToYAML` function:
```
